Programatically register service accounts with SAM (#2025) (#2029)
DataBiosphere/azul: UPGRADING.rst

reverted. This is all fairly informal and loosely defined. Hopefully we won't
have too many entries in this file.

#2025 Register indexer service accounts with SAM
================================================

> Service accounts are now registered with SAM upon deployment.

Reviewer: Why plural? Isn't there just one SA?

Author: Per deployment, yes. I was thinking in terms of the entire team. I'll change to singular since it seems less prone to confusion.

They can also manually be registered via ``make -C terraform sam``.

> However, the accounts must still be manually authorized for steward access by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the account must still be authorized for repository read access (datasets and snapshot).
This is currently done manually by someone on the Azul team. Ask on Slack to find out more.
```

Author: Do datasets and snapshots have separate access permissions? If so, shouldn't both be tested?

> the team lead.

Reviewer: This should go in the README since the need to get authorized does not only occur during upgrades but for every new deployment.

> the team lead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

reverted. This is all fairly informal and loosely defined. Hopefully we won't
have too many entries in this file.

#2025 Register Google service account with SAM during deployment
================================================================

Google service accounts are now registered with SAM (needed for TDR
authorization) as a part of the provisioning process during deployment. However,
previously provisioned credentials are not retroactively registered by default.
`_select` your personal deployment and run::

     python3 scripts/provision_credentials.py google-key --build azul-ucsc-indexer-"$AZUL_DEPLOYMENT_STAGE"@"$GOOGLE_PROJECT".iam.gserviceaccount.com --register-existing

> To register your existing personal deployment's indexer service account.

Reviewer: We should strive for idempotent, self-healing solutions wherever possible. This current implementation gives us one shot at registering with SAM, at the time the SA is provisioned. If something goes wrong during that, manual intervention is required. It would be more elegant, if running `make deploy` again would fix the issue. The requests to Google and SAM are cheap so I don't mind doing them every time `make deploy` is run.

IIRC, SAM returns a 409 when attempting to register an already registered user so we could make this idempotent and not require this manual intervention.
